README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ayush Raj Bhatt</h1>

<!-- # 💫 About Me: -->
<!-- 👋 Hi, I’m Ayush Raj a developer from India<br>👀 I’m interested in Javascript, Python,Crpto, Metaverse<br>🌱 I’m currently learning ...Web Development (MERN stack)<br>Working on native app development<br>💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Javascript<br> 🚀 Passionate developer merging the worlds of Web3.0 and AI, one line of code at a time. -->
<!-- <h3 align="center">A passionate developer from India</h3> -->
<br>

🚀 **Builder | AI & FullStack Developer | Open-Source Enthusiast**
I’m a developer passionate about building data-centric and AI-powered systems, working across machine learning, data science, and full-stack engineering. I focus on transforming data into scalable, production-ready solutions while learning by building and contributing to open source.

---

## 🛠️ Professional Skills:

- **Full-Stack Developer**
- **Google Cloud Certified Professional ML Engineer**
- **Cloud DevOps and Data Guy**
- **Data Analysis/Science and Data Engineering**
- **Building Data Pipelines on Cloud handling Big Data**

## 💞️ Looking to Collaborate On  
- **Open-source projects that solve real-world problems**  
- **Innovative AI and Web3.0 solutions**
- **Data Analysis/Science or Data Engineering Projects**

- 📫 How to reach me **bhattayushraj@gmail.com**

<!-- [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&label=Profile%20Views&color=6&icon=0&pretty=true)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) -->

<!-- ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayush41&label=PROFILE+VIEWS) -->

## 🌟 Fun Fact:

**I’m a Jack of All Trades, familiar with almost every tech stack and technology out there.**



## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/ayush_cr76) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ayush-raj-bhatt-0685051a9) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/ayush_cr76) 

<p align="center"> 
  Profile Views<br>
<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/PranavBarthwal/count.svg" /> <br> 
<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/ayush41/count.svg" />
</p>

 ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayush41&label=PROFILE+VIEWS) 

<h2 align="center"> 💻 Tech Stack</h2>

### 🗣️ Languages
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,js,go,html,cpp,solidity" />
</p>

### 🤖 AI, ML & Data Science
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tensorflow,sklearn,opencv,pytorch,pandas,numpy,matplotlib" />
</p>

### 🚀 Backend & Web
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,fastapi,flask,postman" />
</p>

### 💄 Frontend
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,tailwind,bootstrap,materialui" />
</p>

### 🗄️ Database & Cloud
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,mysql,sqlite,firebase,gcp,azure,heroku,netlify,linode" />
</p>

### 🛠️ DevOps & Tools
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,jenkins,githubactions,git,github,nginx,apache" />
</p>


<!-- # 💻 Tech Stack

### 🗣️ Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)

### 🤖 AI, ML & Data Science
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Apache Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Airflow-017CEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Airflow&logoColor=white)
![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

### 💄 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

### 🚀 Backend & Web
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white)


### 🗄️ Database & Cloud
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)
![Linode](https://img.shields.io/badge/linode-00A95C?style=for-the-badge&logo=linode&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ DevOps & Tools
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white)

-->

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&icon=5&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />

###

 <picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
  <img alt="pacman contribution graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
</picture> 

###

<!-- [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&icon=5&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) -->

<!-- [![An image of @ayush41's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/ayush41)](https://holopin.io/@ayush41) -->
<!--
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ayush41&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4) -->

## 🔗 Connect with Me
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/ayush-raj-bhatt">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" height="40" alt="linkedin"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ayush41">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40" alt="github"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ayush_cr76">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" height="40" alt="twitter"/>
  </a>
  <!-- <a href="https://discord.com/users/YOUR_DISCORD_ID">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord" height="40" alt="discord"/>
  </a> -->
  <a href="mailto:bhattayushraj@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" height="40" alt="gmail"/>
  </a>
</div>

<!-- [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/YOUR_ID) -->

</div>


---
⭐ *If you like my work, consider starring the repositories!*

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile and skills
Updated personal introduction and professional skills in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ayush Raj Bhatt</h1>

<!-- # 💫 About Me: -->
<!-- 👋 Hi, I’m Ayush Raj a developer from India<br>👀 I’m interested in Javascript, Python,Crpto, Metaverse<br>🌱 I’m currently learning ...Web Development (MERN stack)<br>Working on native app development<br>💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Javascript<br> 🚀 Passionate developer merging the worlds of Web3.0 and AI, one line of code at a time. -->
<!-- <h3 align="center">A passionate developer from India</h3> -->
<br>

🚀 **Builder | AI Research & Full-Stack Developer | Open-Source Enthusiast**

Master’s student in **AI & Data Science (MCA)** with a strong interest in building data-centric and AI-powered systems. I work across machine learning, data science, and full-stack engineering, focusing on transforming data into scalable, production-ready solutions while learning by building and contributing to open source.


---

## 🛠️ Professional Skills:

- **Full-Stack Developer**
- **Google Cloud Certified Professional ML Engineer**
- **Cloud & DevOps Engineering** (CI/CD, scalable cloud infrastructure)
- **Data Analysis/Science and Data Engineering**
- **Building Data Pipelines on Cloud handling Big Data**

## 💞️ Looking to Collaborate On  
- **Open-source projects focused on real-world impact**
- **Applied AI / ML systems and data-driven applications**
- **Data analysis, data engineering, and ML infrastructure projects**

- 📫 How to reach me **bhattayushraj@gmail.com**

<!-- [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&label=Profile%20Views&color=6&icon=0&pretty=true)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) -->

<!-- ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayush41&label=PROFILE+VIEWS) -->

## 🌟 Fun Fact:

**I’m a Jack of All Trades, familiar with almost every tech stack and technology out there.**



## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/ayush_cr76) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ayush-raj-bhatt-0685051a9) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/ayush_cr76) 

<!-- <p align="center"> 
  Profile Views<br>
<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/PranavBarthwal/count.svg" /> <br> 
<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/ayush41/count.svg" />
</p> -->

 ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayush41&label=PROFILE+VIEWS) 

<h2 align="center"> 💻 Tech Stack</h2>

### 🗣️ Languages
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,java,js,go,html,cpp,solidity" />
</p>

### 🤖 AI, ML & Data Science
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tensorflow,sklearn,opencv,pytorch,pandas,numpy,matplotlib" />
</p>

### 🚀 Backend & Web
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,fastapi,flask,postman" />
</p>

### 💄 Frontend
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,tailwind,bootstrap,materialui" />
</p>

### 🗄️ Database & Cloud
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,mysql,sqlite,firebase,gcp,azure,heroku,netlify,linode" />
</p>

### 🛠️ DevOps & Tools
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,jenkins,githubactions,git,github,nginx,apache" />
</p>


<!-- # 💻 Tech Stack

### 🗣️ Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-%23363636.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)

### 🤖 AI, ML & Data Science
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black)
![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-%23FE4B4B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Apache Airflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Airflow-017CEE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Apache%20Airflow&logoColor=white)
![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

### 💄 Frontend
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

### 🚀 Backend & Web
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white)


### 🗄️ Database & Cloud
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)
![Linode](https://img.shields.io/badge/linode-00A95C?style=for-the-badge&logo=linode&logoColor=white)

### 🛠️ DevOps & Tools
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white)

-->

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&icon=5&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ayush41&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />

###

 <picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
  <img alt="pacman contribution graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayush41/ayush41/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
</picture> 

###

<!-- [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ayush41&icon=5&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) -->

<!-- [![An image of @ayush41's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/ayush41)](https://holopin.io/@ayush41) -->
<!--
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ayush41&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4) -->

## 🔗 Connect with Me
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/ayush-raj-bhatt">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" height="40" alt="linkedin"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ayush41">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40" alt="github"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ayush_cr76">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" height="40" alt="twitter"/>
  </a>
  <!-- <a href="https://discord.com/users/YOUR_DISCORD_ID">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord" height="40" alt="discord"/>
  </a> -->
  <a href="mailto:bhattayushraj@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail" height="40" alt="gmail"/>
  </a>
</div>

<!-- [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/YOUR_ID) -->

</div>


---
⭐ *If you like my work, consider starring the repositories!*
